Your life gets filled up with lots of miracles.
In Sahaja Yoga miracle has lost it's meaning.
Saha means ”with”, ja means “born”.
That is this power of becoming one with the Divine is born with you.
And you have a birthright to get it.
Specially these are very important times.
What we call as the Last Judgment.
But I call it as the blossom time
where many flowers are going to get their fruits.
These are very special times
when you are tortured, you are troubled, you are unhappy
and have many illusions.
At this time it works so fast.
I'm amazed how it is spreading.
It is something you must understand
is a living process of your evolution.
This is the last break-through of your evolution.
Specially in your country
I find people are extremely sensitive to spirituality.
I don't know how so many have taken to Sahaja Yoga.
Is very remarkable.
All over the world I am praising people from Ukraine and from Russia.
Must be something of previous lives -
I just can't explain.
But in our books it written that two great saints called
[SOUNDS LIKE Machindarnath] and [SOUNDS
LIKE Goraknath] came to Ukraine and to Russia.
And there they described that there are lots man of God living there.
And they taught them about Kundalini
because I can see on your terracottas
of those times there is Kundalini everywhere
and the chakras and all those
drown on those terracotta pots.
So I think you are especially blessed people.
I'm very happy I could come to Ukraine and meet you
and talk to you about so simple.
If you have any problems you can always write to Me.
But mostly what I receive
the letters are about how they are enjoying life, how they are happy.
Last but not the least you jump into the ocean of joy.
All the wrong things we do to get some enjoyment.
But then we don't have to do anything, we don't have to achieve anything,
you are just in the ocean of joy.
Joy is not
like happiness or unhappiness, it's singular.
That everything then starts giving you joy,
everything you see gives you joy.
If there is anything ridiculous, you laugh.
If there is anything cruel,
you get defective on that.
And the even a cruel personality can become very nice and sweet.
These are the science of saintliness.
And you become saints
and enjoy your saintliness.
For that you don't have to give up your family,
give up your household,
go to Himalayas or stand on your head.
It is just within you.
And it acts.
It will work.
I am sure things would be much easier for you.
May God bless you.
Should we have some music little bit?
Could have one song.
Before no, no. Before no. Later on.
First I let people to get Realization.
I’ll give one Realization then you sing one song.
Now those who do not want to have I can not force.
You have to have your own judgment.
But it’s very easy, it won’t trouble you,
on the contrary, you’ll feel very much elated.
So those who want to go should go now, but don’t disturb later on.
It will hardly take five to ten minutes.
First of all none of you should feel guilty for anything.
You have not to confess anything to Me.
Whatever wrong has been done, it was in the past.
You have to be in the present.
And for that you should be angry with yourself
for anything that was done wrong in the past.
But if you feel guilty then you catch on this center on the left hand side.
With that you get diseases like angina,
like spondylitis, like lethargic organs.
And at this moment the Kundalini won’t pass through.
Now there’s another problem that you must forgive yourself,
also in the same way forgive others.
Many say that it’s difficult to forgive.
But whether you forgive or you don’t forgive you don’t do anything.
Actually by not forgiving you torture yourself.
You just have to say in your heart,
“Mother, I forgive everyone,” and you’ll feel much lighter.
Also you should not think
whom you have to forgive because it’s a headache.
So you forgive yourself and forgive others.
And also if you can take out your shoes,
will be very helpful.
Please take out your shoes.
This center is like this – very constricted.
And if you don’t forgive it won’t open.
And this is a very important time.
If you don’t forgive now you’ll miss the chance of your evolution.
Now just put both your hands towards Me like this.
Now put down your head
and put your right hand on top of your fontanel bone area,
which was the soft bone in your childhood.
Now see for yourself if there’s a cool or a hot
breeze like vibrations coming out of your own fontanel bone area.
Now don’t doubt yourself.
Some people get it closer, some people get it far away.
But don’t please put your hand on top of your head.
Now please put your right hand towards Me.
And now again bend your head,
and see with your left hand if there’s a cool or a hot breeze
coming out of your head.
It is hot because you have not forgiven yourself
or you have not forgiven others.
Please bend your head.
So now you forgive yourself and others.
Now please put your left hand towards Me.
Again, once again, please put your head down
and see with your right hand
if there’s a cool breeze coming out of your head.
If it is still hot then please forgive yourself and others.
Now,
please put both your hands towards the sky like this.
And push back your head.
And ask one of these questions,
one of these questions three times.
You can call Me Mother
or you can call Me Shri Mataji.
Now please ask in your heart,
“Mother, is this a cool breeze of the Holy Ghost?”
Or, “Mother, is this the All Pervading Power of Divine Love?”
Or, thirdly, “Mother, is this the Parama Chaitanya?”
You can ask anyone of these one question three times.
Now bring down your hands.
Put both the hands towards Me. Please bring down your hands.
If you are getting cool breeze
on your fingertips or
on the palm
or out of your fontanel bone area, please raise both your hands.
Like flags.
Flags of peace and joy.
Tremendous, I tell.
May God bless you all.
This is the beginning but you have to meditate, that’s very important.
And grow into it.
You don’t have to pay for it.
It’s a living process.
And you can not pay for any living process.
Don’t doubt yourself.
Thank you. May God bless you.
Now they can sing.